.\" "$Id: dwww-index++.8,v 1.7 2007-12-16 09:27:33 robert Exp $"
.\"
.TH DWWW\-INDEX++ 8 "December 16th, 2007" "dwww 1.10.10" "Debian"
.SH NAME
dwww\-index++ \- build index of registered Debian documentation.
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  dwww\-index++
.RB [ \-f ]
.RB [ \-i ]
.RB [ \-l ]
.RB [ \-v ]
.RB [ \-\-
.IR swish_option " [" ... ]]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B dwww\-index++
is part of the dwww package,
which provides access to on-line documentation on a Debian system via WWW.
.PP
.B dwww\-index++
uses 
.BR index++ (1)
program from swish++ package to
generate index of Debian documentation files registered with doc\-base.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-f
Force generation of the full documentation index even if it is disabled in the configuration file.
.TP
.B \-i
Force generation of the incremental documentation index even if it is disabled in the configuration file.
.TP
.B \-l
Print a list of files which would be indexed on standard output. Can be used together with 
.BR \-f " or " \-i
to show files which would be indexed by full or incremental indexing.
.TP
.B \-v
Be more verbose.
.TP
.B "\-\-" 
Any option after 
.B "\-\-"
is passed directly to
.BR index++ (1).
.br
For example to see which files are indexed, use
.RS 10
.nf

dwww\-index++ \-\- \-v4
.fi
.RE 10
.SH CONFIGURATION FILE ITEMS
.\"
.IP DWWW_INDEX_DOCUMENTATION
If this variable is set to
.B "yes" 
(default), then the documentation index is generated.
This setting can be overriden with the
.B \-f
option.
.IP DWWW_MERGE_MAN2HTML_INDEX
If this variable is set to 
.BR "yes" ,
then index of registered documentation files
will be merged with index of man pages generated by the
man2html package (if it is available).
.\"
.IP DWWW_INDEX_FULL_TIME_INTERVAL
Specifies how often (in days) 
.BR dwww-index++ (8)
will generate full index of documentaion. 
The default value is 
.BR 28 .
.\"
.IP DWWW_INDEX_INCREMENTAL_TIME_INTERVAL
Specifies how often (in days) 
.BR dwww-index++ (8)
will run incremental indexing of new documentation files.
The default value is 
.BR 7 .
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP 
.I /etc/dwww/dwww.conf
Configuration file for dwww.
.TP 
.I /etc/cron.weekly/dwww
A Bourne shell script which calls 
.BR dwww\-index++ .
.TP
.I /usr/share/dwww/swish++.conf
Swish++ configuration file, used by 
.BR dwww\-index++ .
.TP
.I /var/cache/dwww/dwww.swish++.index
Generated index file.
.TP
.I /var/cache/dwww/index.files.db
List of already indexed files.
.TP
.I /var/cache/dwww/index.runinfo
Timestamps of the latest full and incremental index generations.
.\"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dwww (8),
.BR dwww\-find (8),
.BR index++ (1),
.BR install\-docs (8),
.RI "Debian doc\-base Manual in " /usr/share/doc/doc\-base/doc\-base.html/index.html .
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Robert Luberda <robert@debian.org>.
See
.BR dwww (8)
for copyrights and stuff.
