.\" $Id: dwww-build.8 531 2009-02-15 12:54:08Z robert $
.TH DWWW\-BUILD 8 "February 15th, 2009" "dwww 1.11.1" "Debian"
.SH NAME
dwww\-build \- build dwww index lists
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dwww\-build
.RB [ \-\-verbose ]
.B \-\-default
.br
.B "dwww\-build "
.RB [ \-\-verbose ]
.I html\-directory
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dwww\-build
builds the index lists of all available documents
(manual pages, Info files, and so on);
it should be run whenever documentation is installed or removed.
.BR dwww (7)
does not work unless
.B dwww\-build
has been run at least once;
when the package is installed, it is run automatically.
The default
.B dwww
installation creates a
.IR /etc/cron.daily/dwww ,
which automatically updates the pages each day.
.PP
The
.I html\-directory
argument specifies the directory where all the
.B dwww
HTML files will be stored.
No other files should be stored there.
If
.B \-\-default
is used, the files are generated in 
.I dwww 
subdirectory of the 
directory specified in the DWWW_DOCROOTDIR variable in the
.I /etc/dwww/dwww.conf 
file. (Default is
.IR /var/www/dwww .)
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/dwww/dwww.conf
Configuration file for
.BR dwww (7).
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/dwww/dwww\-user.css
If such a  file exists, its contents will be appended to the dwww.css file.
.TP
.I /var/www/dwww
Where all dwww HTML files are stored, if nothing else is specified.
.TP
.I /var/lib/dwww
Directory used for temporary created files. Can be overridden with the 
DWWW_TMPDIR variable.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dwww\-build\-menu (8),
.BR dwww (7).
.SH AUTHOR
Lars Wirzenius.
.br
See
.BR dwww (7)
for copyrights and stuff.
