.\" $Id: dwww.1 531 2009-02-15 12:54:08Z robert $
.TH DWWW 1 "February 15th, 2009" "dwww 1.11.1" "Debian"
.SH NAME
dwww \- access documentation via WWW
.SH SYNOPSIS
http://localhost/dwww/index.html
.br
.B dwww
.br
.B dwww
.IR program-name " | " package-name
.SH DESCRIPTION
A typical Linux system has documentation in many formats (manual pages,
info files, READMEs, and so on).
dwww makes it possible to access all of these via the same interface,
a WWW browser.
This makes it easier to use the documentation.
.PP
To use dwww, load the URL given in the SYNOPSIS.
If you have a web browser installed, you can also just run the dwww command
which loads the URL.
If BROWSER environment variable is set,
.B dwww
uses
.BR sensible\-browser (1)
to load the URL.
Otherwise,
.B dwww
first tries to use browser specified by
DWWW_BROWSER or DWWW_X11_BROWSER configuration variable (cf.
.BR dwww (7)),
than will use
.BR sensible\-browser (1)
command.
.PP
If optional argument
.IR program-name  " or " package-name
is specified,
.B dwww
will search all documentation related to given program or package.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP BROWSER
Program used to load the above mentioned URL.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/dwww/dwww.conf
Configuration file for dwww.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dwww\-find (8),
.BR dwww (7),
.BR sensible\-browser (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Lars Wirzenius <liw@iki.fi>. Modified by Robert Luberda <robert@debian.org>.
.br
Bugs should be reported via the  Debian Bug Tracking System at
<URL:http://bugs.debian.org/>.
.PP
dwww is licensed via the GNU General Public License.
While it has been written for Debian, porting it to other
systems is strongly encouraged.
