.TH DWWW 7 "June 26th, 2011" "dwww 1.11.6" "Debian"
.SH NAME
dwww \- access documentation via WWW
.SH SYNOPSIS
http://localhost/dwww/index.html
.SH DESCRIPTION
A typical Linux system has documentation in many formats (manual pages,
Info files, READMEs, and so on).
dwww makes it possible to access all of these via the same interface,
a WWW browser.
This makes it easier to use the documentation.
.PP
dwww consists of several programs:
.TP
.B cgi\-bin/dwww
Run by the WWW server when user requests document via dwww.
Parses the request and runs
.BR dwww\-convert (8)
or
.BR dwww\-find (8)
with suitable arguments.
Installed in the server's cgi\-bin directory.
.\"
.TP
.BR dwww\-convert (8)
Converts any document to HTML.
.TP
.BR dwww\-format\-man (8)
Auxiliary program to convert man pages or text files to HTML.
.\"
.TP
.BR dwww\-find (8)
Searches for documentation.
.\"
.TP
.BR dwww\-quickfind (8)
Used by
.BR dwww\-find (8)
to quickly find which package a program belongs to.
.\"
.TP
.BR dwww\-cache (8)
Manages the cache of converted documents.
.\"
.TP
.BR dwww\-refresh\-cache (8)
Cleans outdated documents from the cache.
.\"
.TP
.BR dwww\-build (8)
Builds static lists of manual pages.
Needs to be re-run whenever documents are installed or removed.
(In default configuration is called by the dwww daily cron job).
.\"
.TP
.BR dwww\-build\-menu (8)
Builds the Debian Documentation Menu pages.
Needs to be re-run whenever documents are installed or removed.
(In default configuration is called by the
.BR install\-docs (8)
or by the dwww daily  cron job).
.\"
.TP
.BR dwww\-index++ (8)
Uses
.BR index++ (1)
to build index of the documentation registered with doc-base.
In default configuration is called be the dwww weekly cron job.
.\"
.PP
For speed reasons, the converted documents are stored in
.IR /var/cache/dwww .
The cache is cleaned by
.BR dwww\-refresh\-cache (8)
of old documents to keep it from growing too large.
.\"
.PP
.SH CONFIGURATION
dwww is configured via the
.I /etc/dwww/dwww.conf
file.
That file is a Bourne shell
.RI ( /bin/sh )
script that defines some or all the following variables
(defaults are used if the file doesn't exist,
or doesn't define the variable).
.\"
.SS Basic configuration variables
These variables can be also configured by debconf script. You can change
them using the following command:
.RS 4
.I dpkg\-reconfigure dwww
.RE
.IP DWWW_SERVERNAME
Name of the www server.
Default is
.BR localhost .
.\"
.IP DWWW_SERVERPORT
Port on which the www server listen to.
Default is
.BR 80 .
.\"
.IP DWWW_USEHTTPS
If enabled, 
.BR dwww (1)
will connect to DWWW_SERVERNAME:DWWW_SERVERPORT
through the HTTPS protocol.
Default is
.BR no .
.\"
.IP DWWW_DOCROOTDIR
The document root for web server.
Default is
.BR /var/www .
.\"
.IP DWWW_CGIDIR
The directory which contains the CGI scripts for your web server.
Default is
.BR /usr/lib/cgi\-bin .
.\"
.IP DWWW_CGIUSER
Name of the user that the web server uses to execute CGI scripts.
Default is
.BR www\-data .
.\"
.SS Browser variables
.IP DWWW_BROWSER
Web\-browser used by
.BR dwww (1)
to load dwww main page.
.IP DWWW_X11_BROWSER
Web\-browser used by
.BR dwww (1)
to load dwww main page when in X11.
.\"
.SS Path variables
.IP DWWW_DOCPATH
Colon\-delimited list of directories from which
.BR dwww\-convert (8)
supplies files.  For security reasons, it will refuse to convert files
outside the directories named by this variable.
Default is
.I /usr/share/doc:/usr/share/info:/usr/share/man:
.I /usr/local/share/doc:/usr/local/share/info:/usr/local/share/man:
.IR "/usr/share/common\-licenses" .
.\"
.IP DWWW_ALLOWEDLINKPATH
Colon-delimited list of directories which can be targets of symlinks from
files from directories inside DWWW_DOCPATH.
Default value is
.IR /usr/share:/usr/lib:/usr/local/share:/var/www .
.br
For example, \fI/usr/share/doc/package/foo.html\fR may be symlinked to a file
\fI/usr/share/package/foo.html\fR, and this file can be displayed by
.BR dwww .
.\" .SS Converters
.\" .IP DWWW_MAN2HTML
.\" Command to convert a manual page to HTML.
.\" Default is
.\" .BR builtin_man2html ,
.\" which uses
.\" .BR dwww\-txt2html (8)
.\" to convert man pages.
.\" .br
.\" If you have
.\" .BR man2html (1)
.\" installed and would prefer to use it, please add the following code
.\" to dwww's configuration file:
.\" .RS
.\" .nf
.\"
.\" if [ \-x /usr/lib/cgi\-bin/man/man2html ] ; then
.\"     man2html_cmd () {
.\"         /usr/lib/cgi\-bin/man/man2html "$1"
.\"     }
.\"     DWWW_MAN2HTML=man2html_cmd
.\"
.\" elif [ \-x /usr/lib/cgi\-bin/man2html ] ; then
.\"     man2html_cmd () {
.\"         /usr/lib/cgi\-bin/man2html "$1"
.\"     }
.\"     DWWW_MAN2HTML=man2html_cmd
.\" fi
.\"
.\" .fi
.\" .RE
.\" .\"
.\" .IP DWWW_TEXT2HTML
.\" Command to convert a plain text file to HTML.
.\" Default is
.\" .BR builtin_text2html .
.\" .\"
.\" .IP DWWW_DIR2HTML
.\" Command to show contents of a directory as HTML.
.\" Default is
.\" .BR builtin_dir2html .
.\" .PP
.\" The converters get the filename as their argument,
.\" and should output the converted document to stdout.
.SS Cache files locations
.IP "DWWW_QUICKFIND_DB"
Location of the installed packages and programs cache file, generated by
.BR dwww\-refresh\-cache (8)
with the help of
.BR dwww\-quickfind (8).
Default is
.IR /var/cache/dwww/quickfind.dat .
.\"
.IP "DWWW_DOCBASE2PKG_DB"
Location of the cache file, which maps installed doc\-base files to packages names,
used by the
.BR dwww\-build\-menu (8).
Default is
.IR /var/cache/dwww/docbase2pkg.dat .
.\"
.IP "DWWW_REGDOCS_DB"
Location of doc\-base registered documents contents cache. The cache is generated by
.BR dwww\-build\-menu (8)
and read by
.BR dwww\-find (8)
Default is
.IR /var/cache/dwww/regdocs.dat .
.\"
.SS Documentation indexing variables
.IP DWWW_INDEX_DOCUMENTATION
If this variable is set to
.B "yes"
(default), and the swish++ package is installed, then
.BR dwww\-index++ (8)
will generate index of registered documentation.
.\"
.IP DWWW_INDEX_FULL_TIME_INTERVAL
Specifies how often (in days) 
.BR dwww\-index++ (8)
will generate full index of documentation. 
The default value is 
.BR 28 .
.\"
.IP DWWW_INDEX_INCREMENTAL_TIME_INTERVAL
Specifies how often (in days) 
.BR dwww\-index++ (8)
will run incremental indexing of new documentation files.
The default value is 
.BR 7 .
.\"
.IP DWWW_MERGE_MAN2HTML_INDEX
If this variable is set to
.BR "yes" ,
then while generating index of registered documents,
.BR dwww\-index++ (8)
will use man pages index generated by man2html package,
if it's available.

.SS Other variables
.\"
.IP DWWW_KEEPDAYS
How many days should
.BR dwww\-refresh\-cache (8)
keep documents that have not been accessed?
Default is
.B 10
days.
.\"
.IP DWWW_TMPDIR
Directory used by
.BR dwww\-build (8)
and
.BR dwww\-build\-menu (8)
to temporally store the web pages it generates.
Default is
.IR /var/lib/dwww .
For security reason any public writable directory like
.I /tmp
should not be used.
.IP DWWW_USEFILEURL
If this variable is set, dwww will use file:/ style URLs to
access html files \- bypassing the CGI script.  This is faster
on slow machines.  Of course, you will not be able to read
the html documentation on a non\-local machine.  Default is
to not enable this feature.
.\"
.IP DWWW_TITLE
Title to appear on dwww generated files.
Default is
.BR "dwww: $(hostname)"
.\"
.IP DWWW_USE_CACHE
If this variable is set to
.B "yes"
(default), dwww will cache accessed documents in
/var/cache/dwww/db. See
.BR dwww\-cache (8).
.\"
.SS Deprecated variables
Since version 1.10, dwww no longer uses the following variables:
DWWW_HTMLDIR,
DWWW_MAN2HTML,
DWWW_TEXT2HTML,
DWWW_DIR2HTML.
.SH CUSTOMISING DWWW PAGES LAYOUT
dwww uses a CSS file for managing the layout of the pages it generates. The file is built from
two other files, namely 
.IR /usr/share/dwww/dwww.css ,
which is a global one, provided by the package, and
.IR /etc/dwww/dwww\-user.css ,
a local one, that can be provided by the user to override settings from the former file.
The latter file does not exist by default, but when it exists,
.BR dwww\-build(8) 
will append its contents at the end of generated file.  Since web browsers tend to use 
the last one setting defined for a given CSS element, this
has the expected effect of customisation.
.SS Example
To use some image as a background for dwww pages, please put something like this
in
.IR /etc/dwww/dwww\-user.css :

.RS 4
.nf
body { background: url(\(aqhttp://host/path/to/background.png\(aq) 
       repeat; }
table,pre,code,tt { opacity: 0.7; }
.fi
.RE

Please make sure to run
.BR dwww\-build (8)
afterwards.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/dwww/dwww.conf
Configuration file for dwww.
It's not necessary for this file to exist,
there are sensible defaults for everything.
.TP
.I /etc/dwww/apache.conf
Default configuration file for various apache\-based web servers.
The dwww package post-installation script creates symlinks from
.I /etc/apache*/conf.d/dwww
to this file.
.TP
.I /etc/dwww/dwww-user.css
If such a file exists, its contents will be appended to the dwww.css file.
This allows local administrators to customise dwww pages layout.
.TP
.I /etc/cron.daily/dwww
Dwww daily cron job, which rebuilds cache directory and dwww HTML pages.
.TP
.I /etc/cron.weekly/dwww
Dwww weekly cron job. Uses
.BR dwww\-index++ (8)
to rebuild registered documentation index.
.TP
.I /var/cache/dwww
Directory, where are placed various cache files generated and used by dwww.
.TP
.I /var/cache/dwww/db
Cache for the converted documents.
.TP
.I /usr/share/dwww
Templates for the dwww web pages (used by
.BR dwww\-build (8)
and others).
.TP
.I /var/lib/dwww
The dwww pages.
The server's document root directory should have a link to
this directory.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dwww (1),
.BR dwww\-build (8),
.BR dwww\-build\-menu (8),
.BR dwww\-cache (8),
.BR dwww\-convert (8),
.BR dwww\-find (8),
.BR dwww\-format\-man (8),
.BR dwww\-index++ (8),
.BR dwww\-quickfind (8),
.BR dwww\-refresh\-cache (8),
.BR dwww\-txt2html (8).
.SH AUTHOR
Originally by Lars Wirzenius <liw@iki.fi>.
Modified by Jim Pick <jim@jimpick.com> and Robert Luberda <robert@debian.org>.
Bugs should be reported via the normal Debian bug reporting system, see
.I /usr/share/doc/debian/bug\-reporting.txt
file or
.BR reportbug (1)
man page.
.PP
dwww is licensed via the GNU General Public License.
While it has been written for Debian, porting it to other
systems is strongly encouraged.
