.\" $Id: realpath.1,v 1.9 2005/06/11 10:41:46 robert Exp $
.TH REALPATH 1 "January 24th, 2004" "Debian" "Debian"
.SH NAME
realpath \- return the canonicalised absolute pathname
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B realpath
.RB [ \-s | \-\-strip ]
.RB [ \-z | \-\-zero ]
.I " filename " ...
.br
.B realpath
.BR  \-\-h | \-\-help 
.br
.B realpath
.BR  \-\-v | \-\-version
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B realpath
converts each
.I filename
argument to an absolute pathname, which has no
components that are symbolic links or the special
.B .
or
.B ..
directory entries.
(See
.BR realpath (3)
for more information.)
.br
Please note that mostly the same functionality is provided by the `-f' option
of the
.BR readlink (1)
command. 
.PP
If option
.B \-s
is used
.B realpath
only removes
.B .
and
.B ..
directories, but not symbolic links from
.IR filename .
.PP
Each converted pathname is output to the standard output,
on its own line.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
.BR \-s , \-\-strip
Only strip 
.B .
and
.BR .. ,
but do not resolve symbolic links.
.\"
.TP 5
.BR \-z , \-\-zero
Separate output filenames with the null character instead of newline,
so it can be used with the
.RI ` \-0 '
option of
.BR xargs (1).
.\"
.TP 5
.BR \-h , \-\-help
Print short usage information.
.\"
.TP 5
.BR \-v , \-\-version
Show
.BR realpath 's
version number.
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
Let's suppose that
.I /usr/bin/X11
is a symbolic link, which points to directory
.IR /usr/X11R6/bin .
.br
Than
.br
.RS
.I realpath /../usr/bin/X11/./xterm
.RE
prints
.RS
/usr/X11R6/bin/xterm
.RE
but
.RS
.I realpath 
.BI "\-s " /../usr/bin/X11/./xterm
.RE
outputs
.RS
/usr/bin/X11/xterm
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B realpath
returns a zero exit code when 
.I all 
pathnames was successfully converted.
.br
In case of any errors (e.g. missing or unavailable directories in the path),
.B realpath 
prints error message to stderr and returns a non-zero exit code.
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR readlink (1),
.BR realpath (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Lars Wirzenius <liw@iki.fi>, as part of the dwww package.
.br
Modified by Robert Luberda <robert@debian.org>.
